# This file was autogenerated by uv via the following command:
#    uv pip compile --output-file=requirements.txt pyproject.toml --all-extras
aiohappyeyeballs==2.6.1
    # via aiohttp
aiohttp==3.12.12
    # via langchain-community
aiosignal==1.3.2
    # via aiohttp
annotated-types==0.7.0
    # via pydantic
anyio==4.9.0
    # via
    #   httpx
    #   jupyter-server
    #   openai
    #   starlette
    #   watchfiles
argon2-cffi==23.1.0
    # via jupyter-server
argon2-cffi-bindings==21.2.0
    # via argon2-cffi
arrow==1.3.0
    # via isoduration
asttokens==3.0.0
    # via stack-data
async-lru==2.0.5
    # via jupyterlab
attrs==25.3.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
babel==2.17.0
    # via jupyterlab-server
beautifulsoup4==4.13.4
    # via nbconvert
bleach==6.2.0
    # via nbconvert
certifi==2025.4.26
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   httpx
    #   requests
cffi==1.17.1
    # via argon2-cffi-bindings
charset-normalizer==3.4.2
    # via requests
click==8.2.0
    # via
    #   rich-toolkit
    #   typer
    #   uvicorn
colorama==0.4.6
    # via
    #   click
    #   ipython
    #   tqdm
    #   uvicorn
comm==0.2.2
    # via ipykernel
dataclasses-json==0.6.7
    # via langchain-community
debugpy==1.8.14
    # via ipykernel
decorator==5.2.1
    # via ipython
defusedxml==0.7.1
    # via nbconvert
distro==1.9.0
    # via openai
dnspython==2.7.0
    # via email-validator
email-validator==2.2.0
    # via fastapi
executing==2.2.0
    # via stack-data
fastapi==0.115.12
    # via skylens (pyproject.toml)
fastapi-cli==0.0.7
    # via fastapi
fastjsonschema==2.21.1
    # via nbformat
fqdn==1.5.1
    # via jsonschema
frozenlist==1.7.0
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
greenlet==3.2.3
    # via sqlalchemy
h11==0.16.0
    # via
    #   httpcore
    #   uvicorn
httpcore==1.0.9
    # via httpx
httptools==0.6.4
    # via uvicorn
httpx==0.28.1
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   jupyterlab
    #   langgraph-sdk
    #   langsmith
    #   openai
httpx-sse==0.4.0
    # via langchain-community
idna==3.10
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   email-validator
    #   httpx
    #   jsonschema
    #   requests
    #   yarl
ipykernel==6.29.5
    # via jupyterlab
ipython==9.2.0
    # via ipykernel
ipython-pygments-lexers==1.1.1
    # via ipython
isoduration==20.11.0
    # via jsonschema
jedi==0.19.2
    # via ipython
jinja2==3.1.6
    # via
    #   fastapi
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbconvert
jiter==0.10.0
    # via openai
json5==0.12.0
    # via jupyterlab-server
jsonpatch==1.33
    # via langchain-core
jsonpointer==3.0.0
    # via
    #   jsonpatch
    #   jsonschema
jsonschema==4.23.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   nbformat
jsonschema-specifications==2025.4.1
    # via jsonschema
jupyter-client==8.6.3
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
jupyter-core==5.7.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
jupyter-events==0.12.0
    # via jupyter-server
jupyter-lsp==2.2.5
    # via jupyterlab
jupyter-server==2.16.0
    # via
    #   jupyter-lsp
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   notebook-shim
jupyter-server-terminals==0.5.3
    # via jupyter-server
jupyterlab==4.4.2
    # via skylens (pyproject.toml)
jupyterlab-pygments==0.3.0
    # via nbconvert
jupyterlab-server==2.27.3
    # via jupyterlab
langchain==0.3.25
    # via langchain-community
langchain-community==0.3.25
    # via skylens (pyproject.toml)
langchain-core==0.3.65
    # via
    #   skylens (pyproject.toml)
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-openai
    #   langchain-text-splitters
    #   langgraph
    #   langgraph-checkpoint
    #   langgraph-prebuilt
langchain-openai==0.3.24
    # via skylens (pyproject.toml)
langchain-text-splitters==0.3.8
    # via langchain
langgraph==0.4.8
    # via skylens (pyproject.toml)
langgraph-checkpoint==2.1.0
    # via
    #   langgraph
    #   langgraph-prebuilt
langgraph-prebuilt==0.2.2
    # via langgraph
langgraph-sdk==0.1.70
    # via langgraph
langsmith==0.3.45
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
markdown-it-py==3.0.0
    # via rich
markupsafe==3.0.2
    # via
    #   jinja2
    #   nbconvert
marshmallow==3.26.1
    # via dataclasses-json
matplotlib-inline==0.1.7
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
mdurl==0.1.2
    # via markdown-it-py
mistune==3.1.3
    # via nbconvert
multidict==6.4.4
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
mypy-extensions==1.1.0
    # via typing-inspect
nbclient==0.10.2
    # via nbconvert
nbconvert==7.16.6
    # via jupyter-server
nbformat==5.10.4
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
nest-asyncio==1.6.0
    # via ipykernel
notebook-shim==0.2.4
    # via jupyterlab
numpy==2.2.6
    # via
    #   skylens (pyproject.toml)
    #   langchain-community
    #   opencv-python
    #   pandas
openai==1.86.0
    # via
    #   skylens (pyproject.toml)
    #   langchain-openai
opencv-python==4.11.0.86
    # via skylens (pyproject.toml)
orjson==3.10.18
    # via
    #   langgraph-sdk
    #   langsmith
ormsgpack==1.10.0
    # via langgraph-checkpoint
overrides==7.7.0
    # via jupyter-server
packaging==24.2
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   langchain-core
    #   langsmith
    #   marshmallow
    #   nbconvert
pandas==2.2.3
    # via skylens (pyproject.toml)
pandocfilters==1.5.1
    # via nbconvert
parso==0.8.4
    # via jedi
platformdirs==4.3.8
    # via jupyter-core
prometheus-client==0.22.0
    # via jupyter-server
prompt-toolkit==3.0.51
    # via ipython
propcache==0.3.2
    # via
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
psutil==7.0.0
    # via ipykernel
pure-eval==0.2.3
    # via stack-data
pycparser==2.22
    # via cffi
pydantic==2.11.4
    # via
    #   skylens (pyproject.toml)
    #   fastapi
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-core
    #   langgraph
    #   langsmith
    #   openai
    #   pydantic-settings
pydantic-core==2.33.2
    # via pydantic
pydantic-settings==2.9.1
    # via langchain-community
pygments==2.19.1
    # via
    #   ipython
    #   ipython-pygments-lexers
    #   nbconvert
    #   rich
python-dateutil==2.9.0.post0
    # via
    #   arrow
    #   jupyter-client
    #   pandas
python-dotenv==1.1.0
    # via
    #   skylens (pyproject.toml)
    #   pydantic-settings
    #   uvicorn
python-json-logger==3.3.0
    # via jupyter-events
python-multipart==0.0.20
    # via
    #   skylens (pyproject.toml)
    #   fastapi
pytz==2025.2
    # via pandas
pywin32==310
    # via jupyter-core
pywinpty==2.0.15
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
    #   terminado
pyyaml==6.0.2
    # via
    #   jupyter-events
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
    #   uvicorn
pyzmq==26.4.0
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
referencing==0.36.2
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jsonschema-specifications
    #   jupyter-events
regex==2024.11.6
    # via tiktoken
requests==2.32.3
    # via
    #   jupyterlab-server
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
    #   langsmith
    #   requests-toolbelt
    #   tiktoken
requests-toolbelt==1.0.0
    # via langsmith
rfc3339-validator==0.1.4
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rfc3986-validator==0.1.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   jupyter-events
rich==14.0.0
    # via
    #   rich-toolkit
    #   typer
rich-toolkit==0.14.7
    # via fastapi-cli
rpds-py==0.25.1
    # via
    #   jsonschema
    #   referencing
send2trash==1.8.3
    # via jupyter-server
setuptools==80.8.0
    # via jupyterlab
shellingham==1.5.4
    # via typer
six==1.17.0
    # via
    #   python-dateutil
    #   rfc3339-validator
sniffio==1.3.1
    # via
    #   anyio
    #   openai
soupsieve==2.7
    # via beautifulsoup4
sqlalchemy==2.0.41
    # via
    #   langchain
    #   langchain-community
stack-data==0.6.3
    # via ipython
starlette==0.46.2
    # via fastapi
tenacity==9.1.2
    # via
    #   langchain-community
    #   langchain-core
terminado==0.18.1
    # via
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyter-server-terminals
tiktoken==0.9.0
    # via langchain-openai
tinycss2==1.4.0
    # via bleach
tornado==6.5
    # via
    #   ipykernel
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   terminado
tqdm==4.67.1
    # via openai
traitlets==5.14.3
    # via
    #   comm
    #   ipykernel
    #   ipython
    #   jupyter-client
    #   jupyter-core
    #   jupyter-events
    #   jupyter-server
    #   jupyterlab
    #   matplotlib-inline
    #   nbclient
    #   nbconvert
    #   nbformat
typer==0.16.0
    # via fastapi-cli
types-python-dateutil==2.9.0.20250516
    # via arrow
typing-extensions==4.13.2
    # via
    #   beautifulsoup4
    #   fastapi
    #   langchain-core
    #   openai
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-core
    #   rich-toolkit
    #   sqlalchemy
    #   typer
    #   typing-inspect
    #   typing-inspection
typing-inspect==0.9.0
    # via dataclasses-json
typing-inspection==0.4.0
    # via
    #   pydantic
    #   pydantic-settings
tzdata==2025.2
    # via pandas
uri-template==1.3.0
    # via jsonschema
urllib3==2.4.0
    # via requests
uvicorn==0.34.2
    # via
    #   skylens (pyproject.toml)
    #   fastapi
    #   fastapi-cli
watchfiles==1.1.0
    # via uvicorn
wcwidth==0.2.13
    # via prompt-toolkit
webcolors==24.11.1
    # via jsonschema
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   bleach
    #   tinycss2
websocket-client==1.8.0
    # via jupyter-server
websockets==15.0.1
    # via uvicorn
xxhash==3.5.0
    # via langgraph
yarl==1.20.1
    # via aiohttp
zstandard==0.23.0
    # via langsmith
